Update label-property-configuration.md (#5104)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 11/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/property-editors/built-in-umbraco-property-editors/block-editor/label-property-configuration.md

| [umbCmsTitleCase](https://apidocs.umbraco.com/v10/ui/#/api/umbraco.filters.filter:umbCmsTitleCase) | Converts a string to title case                         | String                      |                                                              |
| [umbCmsJoinArray](https://apidocs.umbraco.com/v10/ui/#/api/umbraco.filters.filter:umbCmsJoinArray) | Joins an array into one string                          | Array (of string or object) | separator: string used to join values together, e.g. "`, `"<br />prop (optional): string key indicating which property to join when used on an array of objects |  

### Example usage

> #### mediaItemResolver

Reviewer: I'm afraid H4 (####) is not going to be visible on the GitBook platform.

How about combining the two headings into something like this:

> ### Example: `mediaItemResolver`

What do you think?

Author: yep no issue with that

> Assuming a media picker of type Umbraco.MediaPicker3 with multiple images, and taking the first image

Reviewer: The line below will render out the name of the image, right?

```suggestion
This is how you could use the filter for a Media Picker of type `Umbraco.MediaPicker3` with multiple images:
```

Author: yep would render out the media node name.

`{{(myPropertyAlias[0].mediaKey | mediaItemResolver).name}}`

> **mediaKey** is a Guid like *c7a4526c-6b32-4665-a047-5b3e7256d973*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mediaKey` is a Guid like `c7a4526c-6b32-4665-a047-5b3e7256d973`.
```

> For the Media Name the same could be achieved with ncNodeName

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Media Name the same could be achieved using `ncNodeName` like shown below:
```

`{{myPropertyAlias[0].mediaKey ? ('umb://media/'+myPropertyAlias[0].mediaKey.split("-").join("") | ncNodeName) : 'No Image' }}`

> **ncNodeName** expectes a udi like *umb://media/c7a4526c6b324665a0475b3e7256d973*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ncNodeName` value expects a UDI like `umb://media/c7a4526c6b324665a0475b3e7256d973`.
```
